# crypto - Cryptography library for Racket

## Installation

The `crypto` package is available through Racket's package manager (https://pkgs.racket-lang.org/).
- Install via command line with `raco pkg install crypto`
- Or install via DrRacket (`File` > `Package Manager`).

## Documentation

Read the documentation online here:
- crypto: https://docs.racket-lang.org/crypto/index.html
- x509: https://docs.racket-lang.org/x509/index.html

## Changes

### Version 2.0

- Package relicensed to Apache-2.0.
- Complete rewrite of libcrypto support using OpenSSL 3.0 API.
- Drop support for libcrypto (OpenSSL) versions before 3.0.
- Drop support for gcrypt versions before 1.8 (2017-07-18).
- Drop support for nettle versions before 3.6 (2020-04-29).
- DH parameters and keys now use DomainParameters format for export, which
  preserves extra information useful for parameter validation. That information
  cannot be recovered from the DHParameter format.
  - Import of DHParameter keys and parameters is still supported; keys and
    parameters missing the DomainParameters information export using
    DHParameter.
  - Added variants to the `rkt-{params,public,private}` formats.
- Rewrite core test suite, switch to checkers testing framework.
- Add many "known-answer tests" (KAT) from NIST CAVP and other sources.
- Improve error messages from `datum->pk-{key,parameters}`.

Bug fixes:
- gcrypt, nettle, sodium: Clamp secret key bits when generating x25519, x448 keys.
- gcrypt: Fix import and export of x25519 secret keys.
  - Any x25519 keys created with gcrypt and serialized using `pk-key->datum`
    will not work with the new version.
- gcrypt: Fix import of RSA keys generated by other libraries.
- gcrypt: Add DSA parameters support.
